Application developer self managed CRDs (#1716)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: docs/self-managed-operators.md

# Self managed operators that requires CRDs and roles

Compliant Kubernetes only allow end users to install pre-approved operators that require CRDs.

Pre-approved operators with CRDs:

> - Sealedsecrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SealedSecrets
```

- MongoDB

## Limitations

> Compliant kubernetes do not allow end users to install clusterRoles and clusterRoleBindings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compliant Kubernetes do not allow end users to install ClusterRoles and ClusterRoleBindings.
```

Sorry, my OCD. :smiley: 

Similar edits in different files would be appreciated but are of course not hugely needed.

> Compliant Kubernetes do not allow end users to install ClusterRoles and ClusterRoleBindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compliant Kubernetes does not allow Application Developers to install ClusterRoles and ClusterRoleBindings.
```
